Documentating diff edge conditions during reconcile (#3730)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/templates/templates-best-practices.md

- Harness warns you when a pipeline references a template that needs to be reconciled when you change it.

> - You can view the Git YAML differences for the pipeline and see which lines have been modified. The differences are calcuated based on the data, not exact string matches, so, for example, a different quote symbol (" versus ') for the same date value may not show up in the differences. This is not a bug. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can view the Git YAML differences for the pipeline and see which lines have been modified. The differences are calculated based on the data, not exact string matches. Therefore, a different quote symbol, for example, `"` versus `'` for the same date value might not be recognized as a difference. This is not an issue or error.
```
